# 🌈 Bifrost Changelog

## Version 0.0.3
> This library was part of [OIF](https://foundryvtt.com/packages/object-interaction-fx), all of the changes here are relative to that module.
- *Github* - Added `SYSTEM_SUPPORT` issue template.
- *License* - Updated `LICENSE`.
- *Internal* - Converted the complex system selector to an abstract class that requires its children to implement the abstract methods.
- *Internal* - Item creation is now requested from another user that is capable in case the current one is not.
- *Internal* - Hook information extraction does not extract `Tags` anymore.
- *Internal* - Changed indentation from `4` spaces to `2` spaces.
- *Internal* - Changed the language from `javascrtip` to `typescript`.
- *Workspace* - Now the module gets compiled to `/module` with minified files.
- *Worksapce* - Added `nodejs` to the project.
- *Workspace* - Added `gulp` to the project.
- *Workspace* - Added `prepare` action that must be run before releasing a new version.
- *Workspace* - Added `build` action that builds the module.
- *Workspace* - Added `clean` action that cleans the module.
- *Workspace* - Added `link` action that creates a symbolic link between the build folder and Foundry data folder.
- *Type* - Added `ItemInformation` class to descibre values extracted from an item.
- *Type* - Added `HookInformation` class to describe values extracted from a hook.
- *Type* - Added `SystemInformation` class to describe values extracted from a system.
- *Type* - Added `HyperInformation` class to describe meta values of a system.
- *API* - Exposed only the current `Bridge` as the `API`, which is set based on the current system being used.
- *Bridge* - Added [DnD5e](https://foundryvtt.com/packages/dnd5e).
- *Docs* - Documentation is now generated by `typedoc`, expect to find everything you need there.
- *Docs* - Improved `README.md`.

##
